---
templateKey: blog-post
title: ReactOttawa - 2018-10-25
date: 2018-10-25T18:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - reactnative
  - qlik
  - redux
  - hacktoberfest
---

# October 25th, 2018 - 4th meetup

### Hacktoberfest is here!

What is Hackatoberfest?
Hacktoberfest — brought to you by DigitalOcean in partnership with GitHub and Twilio — is a month-long celebration of open source software. Maintainers are invited to guide would-be contributors towards issues that will help move the project forward, and contributors get the opportunity to give back to both projects they like, and ones they've just discovered. No contribution is too small—bug fixes and documentation updates are valid ways of participating.

https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/

This month we want to devote most of the meetup for hacking on hacktoberfest projects! We want to help promote the open source community here in Ottawa so if you have been wanting to get into open source or you want to share some of your expertise come and do so with us!

We will still be having at least 2 talks on React related topics.

So bring yourself, and your computing device!

We will announce the talks as we get closer to the date.

Look forward to seeing you there!

## Talks:

- #### Pain Point of React Native - Brian Tavares
- #### Avoiding Jank in React + Redux - Sean Reece

## Details

### Thursday, October 25, 2018
6:30 PM to 8:30 PM
Every 4th Thursday of the month until January 23, 2019

### Qlik Office

390 March Road, Unit 100 · Kanata

#### How to find us

Enter through the side entrance from the parking lot in the front of the building